Now what have you learned how we can work with user interaction change styles up short lists and stay
in the shallow world.
It's time to create at least one extra component.
Typically he would create more because we already have kind a lot of logic and a single component which
isn't that good.
But I want to keep it to one component for now.
Of course feel free to improve this and create multiple components in a single component.
I want to be able to output a user name and when it clicked this username I simply want to frozen alert
and output that name in the alert.
So what we did in the view chase example again of course sticking to that example to make it kind of
comparable.
So for this I need a new component and for this new component I'll actually use a function now I promised
we will soon leave Chez fiddle and then move to a local environment move multiple files so that our
components are also split up over multiple files.
I will name this cavorted username uppercase you to follow the convention and there this is a functional
form.
So here we received the props and we're not able to set the state which is what I want.
As you learned if you have such a functional component all you need to do is you need to return J is
x.
So your dad would be the content of one output.
Now here the question is which content do you want to output.
And I simply want to output a paragraph in there where I simply output my username so prop's username
maybe this is what I want to output.
I can now use this component here in my template.
Maybe right at the top before I even change any names here.
I want to use my component as it learned.
I can't just use user name like this.
Self-closing element because I created the year as a function and you can use your functions which follow
this convention and return J as X as components and react.
Now here we use the username Propp.
So we should set this when we use to component.
We should set the user name.
Q For example Chris you're passing a string.
And why don't we even duplicate this.
This whole line here
to set this year to Annah.
If I had control enter we secrets and Anna.
Now of course I wanted to be able to click on this.
And for that we need to be able to pass data from our component to the parent component.
Now I will do it as a second but let me first explain you why using this functional component here actually
is better than the iOS 6 class here.